Mushroom Pork Chops

4 pork chops, 1 pinch garlic salt, 1 chopped onion, 1/2 pound sliced fresh mushrooms, 1 (10.75 ounce) can condensed cream of mushroom soup

Season pork chops with salt, pepper, and garlic salt to taste. In a large skillet, brown the chops over medium-high heat. Add the onion and mushrooms, and saute for one minute. Pour cream of mushroom soup over chops. Cover skillet, and reduce temperature to medium-low. Simmer 20 to 30 minutes, or until chops are cooked through.

KISS Salmon

2 (6 ounce) salmon fillets, 1/4 cup barbeque sauce, 1/4 cup seedless raspberry jam

Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease an 11x7-inch baking dish. Place the salmon fillets into the prepared baking dish with skin sides down. Stir the barbeque sauce and raspberry jam together in a small bowl. Generously brush the mixture over the salmon. Bake in the preheated oven until the salmon is opaque and flakes easily with a fork, 35 to 40 minutes. Brush again with the sauce mixture after the first 15 minutes of baking time.

Corned Beef Hash

2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 ounces cooked diced corned beef, 1 finely chopped white onion, 1 finely chopped bell pepper, 2 peeled and shredded medium baking potatoes, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 slices cheddar cheese

Heat the oil in a medium skillet over high heat. Add the corned beef and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until it releases some fat and browns slightly, about 3 minutes. Stir in the onion, bell pepper and potatoes and cook, undisturbed, until brown and crisp on the bottom, about 6 minutes. Continue cooking, turning the hash as it browns evenly, about 15 more minutes. Meanwhile, heat the butter in a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Fry the eggs sunny-side up or over easy; season with salt and pepper. Place the cheese slices on top of the hash, reduce the heat and let sit until the cheese melts, about 1 minute. To serve, top each portion of hash with a fried egg.
